dbt State updates (#9321)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/dbt-state-setup.md

- dbt State supports Snowflake, Databricks, BigQuery, and Redshift.
- You can connect dbt State to an existing <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> account or use a [standalone account](https://app.state.dbt.com) that's independent of <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. For details on which option is right for you, refer to [About dbt State](/docs/deploy/dbt-state-about#signing-up-for-dbt-state).

> - dbt State is a paid subscription service. For pricing details, see [dbt State usage and pricing](/docs/platform/billing#dbt-state-usage).

Author: ```suggestion
- dbt State is a paid subscription service. For pricing details, refer to [dbt State usage and pricing](/docs/platform/billing#dbt-state-usage).
```
